#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.8.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.9
    # via thinc
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via typer
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
    #   wasabi
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
confection==0.0.4
    # via thinc
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==2.13.1
    # via fastbook
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.6
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastai==2.7.12
    # via fastbook
fastbook==0.0.29
    # via -r requirements.in
fastcore==1.5.29
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
fastdownload==0.0.7
    # via fastai
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   fastdownload
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via fastbook
huggingface-hub==0.15.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.23.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastbook
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   spacy
    #   torch
joblib==1.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.4.9
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
jupyter-server==1.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.23.0
    # via voila
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lxml==4.9.2
    # via nbconvert
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via fastai
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.14
    # via datasets
murmurhash==1.0.9
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==6.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   voila
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
notebook==6.5.4
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   fastbook
    #   fastcore
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
pandas==2.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   fastbook
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathy==0.10.2
    # via spacy
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==3.8.0
    # via jupyter-core
preshed==3.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==12.0.1
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.9
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pywin32==306; platform_system=="Windows"
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10; platform_system=="Windows"
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
regex==2023.6.3
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fastai
    #   fastbook
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   spacy
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.3.1
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via fastai
scipy==1.11.0
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via fastbook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==6.3.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.5.3
    # via fastai
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.4
    # via spacy
srsly==2.4.6
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
thinc==8.1.10
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.13.3
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   fastai
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via fastai
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.65.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   spacy
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   voila
transformers==4.30.2
    # via fastbook
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.0.3
    # via requests
voila==0.3.6
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==11.0.3
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.2.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.2
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
